Minor Enterprise IA improvements, audit log events table update (#548)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-25.1/enterprise/studios.mdx

tags: [docker, compose, kubernetes, studios, deployment]
---

Enable Studios as part of your Seqera Platform Enterprise instance. You must have Data Explorer enabled to use Studios. Only the AWS public cloud is currently supported.

:::caution 

> You must upgrade your Seqera Enterprise installation to version 25.1 before enabling and configuring Studios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must upgrade your Seqera Enterprise installation to version 25.1 before you enable and configure Studios.
```
